In this lecture I'm going to show you how you can run another free test from Google to really ensure
that you have a mobile friendly Web site.
The reason that it's important to do this is because in April of 2015 Google stated that they will be
expanding the use of mobile friendliness has a ranking signal on what that really means is that preferential
treatment will be given to mobile friendly sites and that they will appear higher in the search results
.
And because of this so mobile friendliness is not something that's a luxury now.
It's really a must have for any business.
And really what Google is trying to avoid is mobile sites like this.
When people come on they're very small hard to read obviously there's going to be people leaving outside
straight away.
So really the ideal scenario is something like this in order to run the test it's very easy.
Let's just take our.
You were out as we did before.
You just copied and pasted in our way to a couple of seconds to analyze.
So the test is being complete and it's awesome.
This page is mobile friendly.
So just to recap what you've learned in this lecture is how to run this test and ensure that your site
is mobile friendly.
The importance of doing this is this is now a ranking factor by how Google decides who gets to the top
of the search results.
This is one of the criteria they consider.
So it's very important to ensure that a Web site is mobile friendly and to access this test for yourself
you can find in the resources section again you can just click that and get straight into it.
So maybe just that I am enjoying slashing